Document quick launch (#1)
rs-peer/rspeer-doc: docs/quick-launch.md

---
id: quick-launch
title: How to Launch RSPeer Automatically
sidebar_label: How to Launch RSPeer Automatically
---
RSPeer's *Quick Launch* feature allows users to start the client with a
preconfigured Runescape account, proxy, and script without any user interaction.
Using this feature, users are able to spawn clients through the Bot Management
interface, developers are able to quickly test their scripts without manually
activating them, and large-scale deployments are able to run in a completely
automated fashion.

## Basic Usage

> The easiest way to generate a configuration is through the QuickLaunch

Author: I actually just found this feature in the last update. I'm not too sure how it's intended to be used yet. If someone has some insight on this, I can update this page with some more details.

| -------- | ------------- | --------------- |
| `RsUsername` | *string* | Login name or email of the Runescape account. |
| `RsPassword` | *string* | Login password of the Runescape account. |
| `World` | *integer* | World to join (use `-1` or `null` to pick any world). |
| `ScriptName` | *string* | Name of the script to start. |
| `IsRepoScript` | *boolean* | `true` if the script should be executed from the SDN, `false` if it's available locally. |
| `ScriptArgs` | *string* | Custom arguments to pass to the script on startup. |
| `UseProxy` | *boolean* | `true` to connect via proxy. |
| `ProxyIp` | *string* | IP address of the proxy. |
| `ProxyPort` | *string* | Port of the proxy. |
| `ProxyUser` | *string* | Username for proxy authentication. |
| `ProxyPass` | *string* | Password for proxy authentication. |
| `Config` | *object* | Additional client configuration, see [Config](#config) below. |

### Config

| **Name** | **Date Type** | **Description** |
| -------- | ------------- | --------------- |
| `LowCpuMode` | *boolean* | `true` to enable low CPU mode. |
| `SuperLowCpuMode` | *boolean* | `true` to enable *super* low CPU mode. |

> | `EngineTickDelay` | *integer* | Delays  (`SuperLowCpuMode` sets this to `5`). |

Author: I'd love to know more about what exactly this `EngineTickDelay` influences. Is this something to do with rendering or is it more to do with the polling frequency of script loops?

Reviewer: Hi, this slows the game down.

Author: Got it, so that would be:

```suggestion
| `EngineTickDelay` | *integer* | Slow the game down (`SuperLowCpuMode` sets this to `5`). |
```

Now that I think about it, I'm not sure where I read that `SuperLowCpuMode` sets this option. I can't verify this now so I'm not too confident that I'm right in saying that it gets set to `5`. 🤷‍♀
